README.md, before:

# Templates

A myriad collection of style files, example files, and other template-like LaTeX code for use cases that arise often (for me).

## Course Handouts

A style file for creating handouts to give out to students during courses. Has formatting for problem sets, exams, quizzes, recitation sessions, and a compendium of all problems. Has been utilized for Algorithms courses and has aspects inspired based on courses in various theoretical computer science courses.

## Math Commands

A style file containing an extensive set of macros that are useful for writing mathematical content relevant to fields/topics like probability, matrices, vectors, etc.

## Concrete Mathematics fonts

A small and simple style file to make LaTeX use the fonts from the Concrete Mathematics book by Graham, Knuth, Patashnik.

## Annotated list of useful packages

An uncompilable LaTeX file that simply lists various packages I've found useful in the past with some basic commentary on their use.

## Beamer based templates

Two examples/templates using Beamer, the first for standard presentations and the other for making posters in LaTeX.

Commit message:

Update README for auxiliary course handout files

README.md, after:

# Templates

A myriad collection of style files, example files, and other template-like LaTeX code for use cases that arise often (for me).

## Course Handouts

A style file for creating handouts to give out to students during courses. Has formatting for problem sets, exams, quizzes, recitation sessions, and a compendium of all problems. Has been utilized for Algorithms courses and has aspects inspired based on courses in various theoretical computer science courses.

### Example usage

Add an usage example for the course-handouts style file with dummy questions from an Algorithms course. The options at the top can be changed to make it work as various types of handouts. Currently set in the exam format.

### Exam blurb

There is also an exam blurb file based on an Algorithms course. This blurb file shows up on the first page of the handout.


## Math Commands

A style file containing an extensive set of macros that are useful for writing mathematical content relevant to fields/topics like probability, matrices, vectors, etc.

## Concrete Mathematics fonts

A small and simple style file to make LaTeX use the fonts from the Concrete Mathematics book by Graham, Knuth, Patashnik.

## Annotated list of useful packages

An uncompilable LaTeX file that simply lists various packages I've found useful in the past with some basic commentary on their use.

## Beamer based templates

Two examples/templates using Beamer, the first for standard presentations and the other for making posters in LaTeX.
